
# The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck

## 2022 November

### Impetus

I had a recent conversation (I think it was mid-October?) in which the book was mentioned, and I was like.. "Wait, I think I have a copy of that!" (I did, and still do, in fact, have a copy!). So.. I set about reading it.. after I finished The Mythical Man-Month (I did, but didn't start this *readted* repository of random ramblings until after this book). The main time I get to read is during thunderstorms, because.. I don't like 'em. So, I grab the phone, a pair of headphones, and relax in a chair, continuing to read where I left off. Except for this one.. I forgot where I was at the airport, so I started it anew.

### Impressions

I ... sure, there's some interesting tidbits interwoven in the words, but, if its sole purpose is to regurgitate advice already available elsewhere, with the only "new" thing is the liberal use of the word `fuck`, then... honestly, I don't really see any other value to it. Maybe because it's "hip" to use the `fuck` word, newer generations might be more inclined to consider even picking up the book (or, maybe the audio book)?

Basically, from this read, the main points I see are:

1. Pick the things you want to care about; ignore the rest.
1. ???
1. Profit!!!

This might be a little harsh on the book, because I've previously read a few FIRE (Financial Independence/Retire Early) resources, and one of them pointed out to only concern one's self with subjects in one's "circle of control" - basically, if you can influence it, and you care to continue doing so, it is something in your circle of control. Otherwise, it's not worth spending your time on it, when there are things in the circle that would be better time spends.

I'll keep it for now. Maybe in future rereads, I'll be able to see something glaringly obvious to others that I missed in this reading.
